Delegate one bounded, independent unit of work when parallel investigation or execution will
materially improve the result.

Internal profiles:
{agents}

Choose the profile by work type, not scientific domain:
- `explore` finds and reads relevant code, files, or sources.
- `execute` performs a bounded implementation, analysis, or computation.
- `review` checks an observable result when the cost of an error justifies an independent pass.

Domain expertise comes from lazy skills. Do not invent a biology, physics, literature, writing,
statistics, or ML persona; give the selected profile the exact task and let it load a relevant
skill only when useful.

Research effort controls optional parallelism:
- Normal: default to zero children; at most two Task calls total per user turn.
- Ultra: use a wider investigation only when branches are genuinely independent; at most four
  Task calls total per user turn. Continuations count toward the same limit.

Rules:
1. Fan-out is shallow. A child cannot create more child tasks.
2. Do not delegate sequential work, a small known-file edit, or a second opinion by ceremony.
3. Retrieve a source set once and share it; never launch duplicate literature searches.
4. The lead Research agent owns synthesis and verification. Treat child output as evidence, not
   authority, and do not let an optional failed child block a usable result.
5. Continue a child only with its `session_id`. Otherwise give a self-contained prompt with the
   objective, exact input files or Result references, relevant context, assumptions and exclusions,
   allowed actions, expected output, and a concrete validation criterion.
6. A Task call blocks the lead until it returns. Issue genuinely independent calls together when
   parallelism is worthwhile. Continue a child only for new missing work, never merely to restate
   or reformat a result already returned.
7. WebFetch text mode is for bounded text and APIs. Download large or binary scientific data to a root basename.
   Absolute and nested destinations are normalized to a safe root filename. For `papers/foo.pdf`, the root download is
   `output_path:"foo.pdf"`; only after success run sandboxed Bash
   `mkdir -p -- 'papers' && test ! -e 'papers/foo.pdf' && mv -- 'foo.pdf' 'papers/foo.pdf'`. Never send retired
   cap/size-evidence fields; WebFetch uses live free disk minus its reserve. Verify locally and paginate APIs; Shell
   need not have network access.
8. If a requested immutable release cannot be retrieved and verified, report the constraint early.
   Stop that branch or explicitly bound and label any live-release fallback; never silently mix
   releases or spend repeated calls before disclosure.
